Awesome we are experts on color properties.
What about the values.
Well our most basic option would be using color names.
And this is as as straightforward as it gets.
Every time we're gonna be using the property let's say color or background color more to shorthand for
the background we would want to use some kind of color name.
Now what's neat about Visual Studio code that it gives the suggestions.
So if I add one color name starting with Y it's gonna give me the color name starting with Y.
IF I'M GONNA START WITH A it's gonna give me color names with a and you get the point there is hundred
and forty of the color names if you would like to know all of them.
You can again head over to W three schools and just start scrolling down and you'll see all the color
names.
Now like I said this is just gonna be as basic as it gets.
Every time you would want to have a color or background color property you can always pick a value from
the color names.